at first replace all "IND Slot Game" Texts to "YONO SLOT Game" from whole website. then make a more professional logo "A2Z Game Developer" in everywhere like header and footer also. and our company's domain is www.a2z.dog means .dog is "Development of Games" so use and mention this somewhere. then our services is only one that is - "YONO SLOT GAME" Development. into these game we provide API based all slots games, indian rummy, teen patti, crash games like aviator, fishing games, table games, popular chicken road games. Our API partners are JILI, JDB, SPRIBE, PG, CQ9, EVO, MG, INOUT, Red Tiger, Spade Gaming so mention these partner lists with logo in the home page. 
in the footer menu i don't need these pages - Help Center, Documentation, API Reference, Status Page, Press Kit, Blog, Careers, Partners. I need Privacy Policy and Terms of Service Page with proper page contents with some icon or images working, our terms and condition is if any client did advance payment to us then no any refund will provide in any cost. and you also make some condition points also there.
and our company only have one email id - support@a2z.dog so remove the other dev@a2z.dog email from whole website.
and a fixed bottom right corner have a blinking button "Buy IND SLOT and price 1,30,000" i want this button bottom left corner and there button text will be - "Buy YONO SLOT Game and price 1,30,000". 
I dont need "Choose your perfect plan" pricing section in the home page. and in header menu Need some pages - Home, About Us, View Demo (Submenu: App Demo and Admin Demo), Contact Us and right side a Login/Register Button for login the backend portal for buy this game, when someone register by his full name, email, phone number, date of birth, password then registration process will soing and store the data in supabase database. then when login any user by his email id and password then he will came his dashboard where he can buy/order this "Yono Slot Game Full Package" by entering Full Name, Email,  Phone, Company Name (optional), Country dropdown then already selected the Yono game package with price, package includes content, what you will get contents, then next step Some fields - Game Name, Game Logo (optional), Game Support Email, Payment Gateway Type (Automatic, Manual dropdown), if select Manual then visible UPI ID field, QR Code Image upload field, then custom designing big textbox where user can put the additional customisation details, then count the total payable amount with show the 1,30,000 rupees, then a tickbox - I agree to purchase the YONO SLOT Game package for ₹130,000 and accept the terms of service, then Manual USDT payment system for accept the 130000 rupees in USDT so make a API fetching system for current USDT rate of INR then show the convert price of USDT then show my static TRC20 USDT address "raju_USDT_address2025" and there have a copy button and then a show USDT QR code and there have a Download image button, as of now use a demo image for USDT QR then add a box for Transaction ID field then a Payment Screenshot upload box then "Submit to Order" button. all the ordering information also saved into supabase database.  and for the App Demo Page there put text contents and a mobile friendly vertical screenshot friendly grid view system and for Admin Demo page use there Some images of admin panel types and contents. and  i want also a admin panel because i want to change whole website's  Name, Logo, Manage Screenshots of App demo page, admin demo page, contact email change, Game development price change and etc. in my contact us page and footer only keep email id for contact and my telegram id which is https://t.me/yt_dvx use this for contact us page and footer and where suitable for use in my whole website. don't use any phone number and address for contact information. Our Company Provides Full Source Code, Mobile friendly App Designs, API Keys, API Dashboard for Billing and Track Game Usages, Advanced Admin Panel with Mobile Friendly, Domain, Hosting/VPS Server, APK, Game Support System, Game Control Panel, Payment gateway dashboard, Customise Game Features as you demand, Fast Delivery within 7 Days if you customise lots of things in the game, otherwise our delivery time is 3-4 days only.